what's up YouTube it's summer nights
maybe eight I would just wanted to come
back and make a video about um this is
my braids out that i did with Miss
Jessie's curly meringue suit yeah um
it's okay i don't think i'll buy it
again i bought a little little trial
pack the $45 trial pack that's got all
the different creams and everything in
it because everybody talks miss jessie's
getting this Jesse's and I just wanted
to try and see what i mean i like it you
see ya so that's what it looks like i
mean i like the way it looks and it
feels really soft it smells good I just
don't know that I would spend that much
money on this cream when I can buy some
jail and have it look the same way
pretty much anyway but it's soft it's
not like crunching or anything it just
and this is actually um day three so
don't think that uh oh it looks real no
um it's day three and I don't always
sleep with them on and on sometimes at
you but I have satin pillowcases so I
feel like that's my backup in case i did
forget to put on board um and yeah i
just went crazy sunday i bought
everything like everything that I've
heard about I got on that Miss Jessie
stem i also got curls I got curls um I
bought the whipped cream haven't tried
it yet got the whip cream and I got
jealousy yeah this is going to be the
next one I try I'm excited about I've
seen a lot of good things about it feels
good like I've played with it a little
bit it feels really smooth and
but it works so that'll be my next thing
probably twist out with the curls
jealousy I'm just wanting to show y'all
what I look like miss my hair making a
video yeah I just got off work today so
not all extra cute or whatever anyway so
that's it um all right guys y'all have a
good night